I first learned about the Bible from a friend in my second year of high school.
I became convinced that the Bible's record of Jehovah God's existence was the truth.
So I decided I wanted to serve him for the rest of my life and decided not to go to college.
My family was very angry with my decision, especially my uncle who was a doctor.
They burnt my clothes and my identification card and then he beat me for many hours.
I had no choice but to run away.
I ended up in a city far away where I was able to find a kingdom hall.
The brothers and sisters there showed me warm hospitality.
I got baptized that year when I was 19.
In January of 1971 my wife and I were assigned to the circuit work and we were enjoying it.
And unexpectedly my wife became seriously ill.
She had to receive immediate medical attention.
Eventually due to her condition, we had to discontinue our service for a time.
We are so grateful to Jehovah who supported us in ways beyond our imagination during that difficult time.
In March 2015, due to low blood pressure, I fell and hit my head in the parking lot of our apartment.
Since we have no children, some might wonder who came to our aid.
But when we arrived at the emergency room,
brothers from many congregations were already there waiting for us even before our ambulance arrived.
We are still truly grateful for their support.
We are convinced that Jehovah has always been with us these past decades.
And we are certain that no matter what the situation,
He will always protect us and guide us through any tribulation, any hardship or any difficulty that may arise.